Update Migration Overview doc to add user experience preview video, clean up. (#11481)
harness/developer-hub: docs/feature-management-experimentation/split-to-harness/index.md

## Next Steps for Users

   - Know Your Migration Window: Your administrator will know which week your migration will take place in. Watch for in-app banner updates as well.

>    - [Watch Video Preview](https://youtu.be/Mx4nux9hd2A) Preview the similar user experience, with new read-only settings screens for non-admins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [Watch the Video Preview](https://youtu.be/Mx4nux9hd2A): Preview the similar user experience, with new read-only settings screens for non-admins.
```

## Next Steps for Administrators

   - Watch [30 Seconds to Confidence: How Your Migration Will Work](/docs/feature-management-experimentation/split-to-harness/how-it-works/) (to see why there will be no downtime for your applications).
   - Identify which of the three scenarios below apply to you (and plan to take action if needed).

>    - Keep an eye out for migration date updates by email an in-app banner notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Keep an eye out for migration date updates by email and in-app banner notifications.
```

     - Compare Split and Harness admin screens side-by-side.
     - Watch short interactive and written step-by-step guides designed to quickly get you up to speed with tasks such as adding users, creating and editing groups, etc.
   

>    - Future Update: Environment-level Permissions will move to Harness RBAC management and out of the environment settings screens in the future. We will update the Before and After Guides at that time.

Reviewer: Where are these environment settings in the UI, exactly? Are we referring to the FME Settings page? 

A suggested rewording (feel free to customize):

```suggestion
   - Future Update: Environment-level Permissions will move out of FME Settings and into Harness RBAC management. We will update the Before and After Guides at that time.
```
